add data science projects RFP (#14)
PlaintextGroup/oss-virtual-incubator: README.md

However, OSS faces a sustainability problem. While some OSS projects are well-resourced by companies and non-profit organizations, other OSS code is maintained and released by people who struggle to monetize their work. Moreover, flaws in OSS has been used to mount supply chain attacks such as [Heartbleed](https://heartbleed.com/) and, more recently, [log4j](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-cloudflare-security-responded-to-log4j2-vulnerability/). Traditional methods of resourcing OSS development and maintenance – such as corporate or philanthropic donations, [crowdsourcing](https://babeljs.io/blog/2021/05/10/funding-update), or [volunteer time](https://twitter.com/FiloSottile/status/1469441487175880711) – may not be enough.

> **We are seeking the most ambitious and innovative ideas to systemically improve the sustainability of the OSS ecosystem.** We welcome ideas from around the world, and they can range from (but are not limited to) research proposals to specific technical improvements to institution-building to policymaking ideas. Here are some (not exhaustive) examples: "implement X feature in a certain package manager", "perform dependency mapping of the OSS ecosystem", "create a training program for OSS maintainers to learn how to apply to grants", "create a mechanism for the US National Science Foundation to better fund critical OSS libraries", "use X web3 mechanism to create incentives to fund OSS tools", "creates Tools to Predict Open Source Sustainability or Community Health".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We are seeking the most ambitious and innovative ideas to systemically improve the sustainability of the OSS ecosystem.** We welcome ideas from around the world, and they can range from (but are not limited to) research proposals to specific technical improvements to institution-building to policymaking ideas. Here are some (not exhaustive) examples: "implement X feature in a certain package manager", "perform dependency mapping of the OSS ecosystem", "create a training program for OSS maintainers to learn how to apply to grants", "create a mechanism for the US National Science Foundation to better fund critical OSS libraries", "use X web3 mechanism to create incentives to fund OSS tools", "develop tools or new methodologies to predict open source sustainability or community health".
```
